Governance overview (#28)
stoplightio/platform-docs: docs/2.-governance/a.overview.md

---

# Overview

> API governance is about making the right choices for your company and your APIs! It involves creating best practices relating to design, documentation, and testing across your APIs. 

Reviewer: A little bit vague. 
```suggestion
API governance is about documenting best practices relating to design, documentation, and testing across your APIs, allowing potentially huge numbers of APIs written by all sorts of different developers to feel like a unified, coherent, consistent ecosystem. 
```

Effective governance consequentially ensures your APIs can be easily consumed by a wider audience, both within your enterprise (e.g. product managers, developers evangelists), and externally (e.g. partners, customers). The development and enforcement of standards also ensure that API teams focus on building new services instead of focusing on reinventing models, standards, and practices. When everyone at your organization is on the same page when it comes to APIs, the more efficient and valuable your API platform will become. 

> The most critical use case of this is experienced by organizations when they are building a large number of APIs that require consistency, discoverability, and quality inside their organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most critical use case of this is experienced by organizations when they are building a large number of APIs that require consistency, discoverability, and quality inside their organizations, even between different departments which just might be on the other side of the world.
```

> [Get started with API Governance]() in your organization.

Reviewer: Leave a TODO in there or we'll miss it.

---

# Overview

> API governance is about documenting best practices relating to design, documentation, and testing across your APIs, allowing potentially huge numbers of APIs written by all sorts of different developers to feel like a unified, coherent, consistent ecosystem. 

Reviewer 2: I would emphasize that you have to _establish_ best practices before you can _document_ them.
